[theme tune intro playing]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[computer blipping]
STRAIGHT TO HEART
[upbeat music]
[Aelita] Welcome back, campers.
Two weeks without us. Not too long?
Did you miss me a little, ladies?
[Yumi] Forget it.
You could've stayed away three weeks.
XANA attacks: zero.
-[Odd] Well, a nice quiet summer, huh?
-Kind of.
Ever since XANA discovered
a way to leave the Supercomputer
and then managed
to access the World Wide Web,
we haven't heard anything.
-No news is good news, right?
-[Jeremy] That's what you think.
I trust XANA as far as I can throw him,
which is why I just reprogrammed
the Superscan.
[Jeremy] From now on, we'll know
where the big bad wolf is hiding.
That's great Einstein,
but how's that gonna help?
Well, first of all, we can try to find out
how he plans to use the Internet.
Cool, and then you send us in after him
so we can crack a few heads.
That's about it.
But wait, getting you into the Internet
isn't all that easy.
So first,
let's get a handle on what his scheme is.
Here we go.
Yeah!
Well, let me remind you:
we have to pick up our class schedules
before lunch.
So let's move.
Ulrich, wait a second.
You know,
I did a lot of thinking during the summer,
and I have something important
to tell you.
Tell me, I'm listening.
Hey, come on!
Be right there!
I'll tell you later, okay?
[theme music]
[Odd] Something important to tell you?
Like what?
I have no idea.
You think maybe
she wants you to ask her to marry her?
Yeah, right. I was gonna ask you
to be my maid of honor, Odd.
No class on Saturday morning,
meaning that on Friday night…
-We can go to the movies?
-Forget it!
-It means I can go to the movies.
-[Herb groans]
Hello, Ulrich!
[Sissi] You know,
we're in the same class again.
Cool, huh?
-Yeah, cool.
-If cool means our worst nightmare,
then you're right.
Being in the same class is really cool.
Very funny.
Have yourself a good laugh, Odd. Enjoy it.
Get it out of your system,
because in a few seconds
you're gonna be crying!
[Odd groans]
See you real soon, Odd!
Did you see that?
Hey, why so sad?
You're not in the same class as we are.
I'm not?
If XANA attacks,
what'll we do without him?
It was already complicated with Yumi.
Now it's gonna be impossible
to get organized!
What's more,
I'm not gonna be able to copy off you!
My grades are really gonna go
down the tubes.
Well, there's only one thing to do.
[Jeremy] Yeah, what's that?
[Odd] Go for broke!
[Jeremy] Okay, while he's going for broke,
we'll go for lunch.
Hang on!
What was it you wanted to tell me?
-I wanted to say that I--
-[William] Hey, Yumi!
It's really great to see you again.
Did you have a good vacation?
I'll tell you later, okay?
[theme music]
I really have to see him, ma'am!
[Odd] It's a matter of life and death!
I'm sorry, Odd.
Mr. Delmas is not seeing any students
this morning.
I'm not here as a student,
I'm… here as a friend.
-A friend?
-Yes… I mean as a friend of Sissi's.
There's something really serious going on
and I've got to speak to the principal,
man to man.
I'll see what I can do.
Sorry, sir,
Odd Della Robbia insists on seeing you.
Yes!
[titters]
[Ulrich] Jim wants to start up
a basketball team this year.
Seems he played pro ball…
[others] …but he would rather not talk
about it!
[all laugh]
Well, what did you wanna tell me?
Hello!
Hiroki, what do you want?
Just wanted to say hello.
-[Hiroki] Aren't you gonna introduce me?
-No!
Cool it, sis! I was gonna introduce
my new pal, Johnny.
Listen Hiroki,
just because you're in junior high now,
doesn't mean you have to follow me around,
okay, bro?
Better be nice or I'll rat on you
when you come home late!
[groans]
What a dork!
Your sister's really gorgeous!
You're outta your mind!
So, it seems my Elisabeth has a problem.
Well sir, when she found out that
we weren't in the same class this year…
she just flipped!
I see… I suppose I'll have to try
reasoning with her.
There's not much else I can do about it.
I'm sorry to contradict you, sir,
but you see, all you have to do
is put us in the same class,
and presto, problem solved.
Impossible, it's far too complicated
to change the composition of classes.
In addition,
Mr. Morales was quite clear
when he requested that
Stern, Belpois and you
should be separated.
Jim? But why?
I have no idea. Why not ask him?
[digital whirring]
Fantastic!
The Superscan has located XANA!
[Jeremy] I'm off to the factory,
gotta find out more.
Wait up! I'll go with you.
[Yumi] Okay, what I wanted to say
was that…
Well, during all last year, I'd see--
[Sissi] Ulrich!
[groans]
I just got here and you're leaving?
-How come?
-Guess!
[Odd] Jim, can I come in?
[knocks]
As usual,
he's never there when you need him!
Pretty funky there, Jim.
Okay, nobody'll bother us here.
Go on, I'm listening.
Right…
I think we've both been running
around in circles.
We have?
One day we're together,
the next day we're not,
one day you're jealous, the next day I am,
and that's why I think that we've got
to clear up our relationship.
We can be friends, but that's all.
Huh?
[theme music]
-[Jeremy] Uh-oh.
-[Aelita] What's wrong, Jeremy?
[Jeremy] We've got company.
XANA has sent a ton of monsters
to Sector Five.
[Aelita] He's probably mad
that we found him.
Well, that could be it… but then what
is he planning to do there
with all of his troops?
I'll head for the scanner room.
Okay, I'll warn the others.
But… what's that supposed to mean,
-"friends, that's all"?
-Isn't it clear?
[grunts]
Yeah, okay. "Friends and that's all."
Fantastic… that's just great.
Jeremy.
Okay, fantastic. That's just great.
[stammers]
No… yeah, we're on our way.
Jim Morales…
Disco… film… enter…
[Odd laughs]
Bingo!
[disco music]
[Odd laughs]
"Paco, the King of Disco."
Now I see why you'd rather not talk
about it, Mr. Morales.
Our gym teacher really burns up
the dance floor,
and we're gonna burn it on a little CD!
-[laughs]
-[phone ringing]
Yeah?
Be right there!
[Odd] Oh, Jim!
-[Jeremy] Just the man I wanted to see.
-[Jim] Oh really?
What about?
[Odd] About… disco.
No kidding!
Oh, I love disco!
I was even pretty good at it
back in the old days.
I can see that… groovy!
I guess you know all about the film…
-"Paco, the King of Disco"?
-[record scratches]
[Odd titters]
No… never heard of it.
Oh no?
It's a fantastic film.
I was gonna submit it to Gustave Chardin
for his film club.
I'm not sure that dud is worth showing
at a film club.
Oh, so then you have seen it, Jim.
Yeah… no!
I mean, I'd rather not talk about it.
Sure, no problem.
I got interested in the film club
because I'm pretty lonesome
now that all my friends are
in a different class!
If you get what I'm driving at…
Hey, gimme that right now!
[tense music]
Hey you guys… what's the matter?
Is there a problem?
Nope, no problem at all.
We're the best of friends.
Great, that's a relief.
Head for the scanners.
Aelita's there already.
[grumbles]
[theme music]
[Jeremy] About time!
Everyone else is waiting for you.
[Jeremy] Transfer Odd.
Scanner Odd.
[Jeremy] Virtualization!
Here we go!
What took you so long?
I think I found a way to get back
into your class.
You did? How?
It's easy!
I decided to blackmail Jim.
Blackmail Jim? But with what?
I know a secret
he'd rather not talk about,
and that he doesn't want anyone else
to talk about either.
You know what?
I think blackmail's really lame.
Whoa!
Since when did you get so high and mighty?
The end justifies the means, doesn't it?
[all] No.
Okay, thanks for your support.
I'll bet you'd be happier
without me in class!
[all gasp]
[digital whirring]
[grunts]
[Odd] Okay,
we're at the edge of the sector.
Great. Now get into position,
and I'll enter the code "Scipio."
[digital whirring]
[Jeremy] Holosphere system, on line.
[Ulrich] So, where are all these monsters?
[Jeremy] Oh, what do you know?
They're all in a room
just below your feet.
I've never seen that one before,
we haven't been there yet.
But… what are they doing in there?
[Jeremy] How am I supposed to know?
You're the ones on-site.
[Jeremy] Listen, instead of talking,
head for that room, guys.
Can we get in through here?
[Jeremy] No, access is
through the celestial dome. Hurry up!
[action music]
[Jeremy] Don't forget
to deactivate the countdown…
or you'll be back home a lot sooner
than you think.
[Jeremy] You've only got a few minutes
to find the key.
[Odd] Key in sight!
[screaming]
[Odd grunting]
I thought I had my A game going.
I'll go and get it.
-[computer beeping]
-[Jeremy] Five…
[Jeremy] four…
three… two…
[Jeremy] one…
[Aelita] Zero!
[Jeremy] Nice one, Aelita.
I think you all better get here ASAP!
[Odd grunts]
Your hand!
-Looks like you got your Z game--
-Lay off, will you!
-Did you talk to her?
[Yumi] Jeremy, we're at the elevator!
That's good.
There are more and more monsters
in that mysterious room.
I've got a bad feeling about this.
[screaming]
[Ulrich] We're here, Jeremy.
Where do we go now
to crack some monsters heads?
Head for the south pole of the dome!
That's where you can get into the chamber.
-[Yumi] Vehicles, Jeremy!
-Coming up.
Hey, maybe that's where XANA
has his annual monsters' ball…
'cause up to now, we haven't seen any.
Right.
But look there!
[menacing music]
[action music]
How about that?
Bull's eye! There's the A game!
Get real, man, that was me who got him.
It was?
This is no time to compete
with each other… move out!
[laser blasting]
[Manta shrieks]
[lasers blasting]
[Yumi] Hang on, Aelita!
[Manta shrieks]
[computer beeping]
You're there. Can you see the access?
It's pretty hard to miss, huh?
[Jeremy] Great, go on in.
Hey, what are you guys doing?
Yumi and Aelita are already
in the passage!
Yeah, we know that! If Odd didn't have
his XYZ game going, we'd be there by now!
If this monster would just stop flying
for a few seconds… ow!
Okay, I get the picture.
I'll give you some more laser arrows.
[digital whirring]
[Manta shrieks]
All right, ugly,
now we'll see what you're made of!
Yahoo!
[Manta shrieks]
Nut case!
You've got a full supply.
Cool!
[Manta shrieks]
Ulrich!
[Odd] Now!
[explosion]
[laughs]
[laser blast]
Not bad.
Odd and Ulrich are in the tunnel.
At last,
now we can trip the mechanism and go!
Hey, how are you ladies?
A little impatient.
[all gasp]
[grunting]
Jeremy, I think we're here!
Can you see the monsters?
What are they doing?
They're firing at some sort of blue ball!
If XANA wants it destroyed,
then it's gotta be important!
[Odd] Okay,
then it's down with the Creepers.
[Jeremy] Right! Go on, I'm gonna try
to find out more about that sphere.
[lasers blasting]
I'll handle those two,
you head for the sphere!
[grunting]
[explosion]
[lasers blast]
[groans]
Yumi!
[lasers blasting]
[Odd] Forget it!
Concentrate on our monster friends!
[lasers blasting]
[explosion]
Hey, this is not just an A game.
It's more like an A plus!
[Odd screams]
Super Sprint!
[lasers blasting]
[grunting]
[explosion]
[Jeremy] I don't believe it!
Ulrich, listen. Whatever you do,
you've got to stop the Creepers
-from destroying the sphere!
-[Ulrich] Why?
Because that is the heart of Lyoko!
The direct access to all
of the core programs of the virtual world!
If the monsters destroy it,
it's game over for good for Lyoko!
Hurry up.
The sphere has only two protective layers,
and the first one just blew!
[action music]
[laser blasts]
[grunts]
Aelita, it's your turn now.
Her turn for what? She can't do anything.
Watch.
[chuckles]
[explosion]
[gasps]
But how could Aelita have done that?
Aelita developed some new powers
during the vacation.
She's perfectly capable of fighting
like you can.
Jeremy, look at that!
[digital whirring]
Oh no!
[Jeremy] She's been devirtualized!
Are you saying that…
That's right!
I can't believe it!
[digital whirring]
What's going on?
[Jeremy] Come on, hurry up!
Hey, do you realize
you almost gave me a heart attack?
[Aelita laughs]
Would someone tell me what happened?
Well, it seems that even if Aelita loses
all of her life points
she won't disappear forever.
-She won't? How come?
-[Jeremy] Of course!
I was too dumb to think of it before.
Ever since you recovered your
human memory,
you're exactly the same as us.
We don't need Code Earth
anymore to bring you in.
That'll really help now that
XANA is determined to destroy Lyoko
to keep us from finding him on the Net.
That's great, Aelita!
You're a full-fledged Lyoko warrior
from now on!
[theme music]
"Just friends"? And that's all?
-[Ulrich] Yup.
-[Odd] Oh… and what did you say?
[Ulrich] I said, "Okay, fantastic."
"Okay, fantastic"?
What's the matter with you guys?
[Odd] I'll never understand you two.
[Ulrich] Where are you going?
To see Jim.
Oh yeah? Be careful, good buddy.
A bad deed can backfire on you.
Huh?
Hey, I got news for you.
If you came here to blackmail me,
you'd better think again!
Anyone who thinks he can pull
the wool over my eyes
-is gonna be in for a surprise, you hear?
-Here.
Blackmail isn't really my thing.
I'm very sorry, Jim.
Odd?
Do you mean you did it
just to be with your pals?
Well… boarding school is tough enough,
but without your friends…
Let me see what I can do to help.
Really? Okay, thanks Jim,
you're a real pal!
Well… after all, I was young once too.
No kidding! I wonder what you were like.
I had blond, curly hair and…
and I would rather not talk about it.
-Now get outta here!
-[Odd laughs]
[theme music]